# Grade 11 Computer Science Project

This was a final project done in Grade 11 in 2006, before I went to Carleton University for my first degree in 2009; computer science in 2015. I was supposed to do this project with a partner however, due to health reasons, I rarely attended class. Therefore, I partnered with a paid tutor. At no time did I use a tutor for COMP courses at Carleton U. This project was inspired by the minefield level in the Commodore 64 video Game "Beach Head". Since I wasn't attending class, I ensured the final project was impressive. 

The final project was written in JAVA using the Eclipse IDE since Bluej, used for teaching purposes, is to buggy. The ship rotates and moves; fires torpeados at the enemy while evading mines (has the torpedo animation due to time constraints) and disruptor fire from the moving enemy. 

I have many versions of this program, I believe this might be the latest. At the time, in 2006, I did not use version control such as GitHub creating messy backups. The project ran on a Pentium 4 laptop. Due to a chronic cough, I needed to drink water regularly. Since the teacher didn't allow drinks near computers in the computer lab, I brought my own laptop which was given to me for free, if I could make it work. Later, bought a better convertable tablet.  If I had sinus surgery earlier, I likely would have completed secondary school with my peers and attended university at the same time. At Carleton U, I regularly had drinks, including coffee, with no penalty and never spilt a drink on the electronics.
